---
title: "7 Money Saving Tips That Will Put A Smile on Your Face"
bg: white
color: black
---


# 7 Money Saving Tips That Will Put A Smile on Your Face 
No matter what kind of budget you are grasping onto at the moment, you always have the possibility to change your current financial situation. Sometimes, it only takes a few steps to get on the right track. But those first few steps often prove to be the hardest. However, you can make these steps lighter when you apply the 7 money saving tips on this list. The described tips in this article will be able to keep the money into your pockets. They will also be able to put joy and love into your heart, and in those of others around you. 

## 1. Invite Friends to Your House

Having a dinner in a restaurant or going out to clubs and bars with friends are tricky activities for your food and leisure time budgets. Often, you don’t know what unexpected costs await you, and drinking alcohol might influence your spending habits in a negative way. Therefore, it is much cheaper to invite friends to your house. There, you can treat them to some of your own home cooked dinners, and entertain them with things like card games, movie nights and karaoke contests. You and your guests will all have a great time and it will cost you much less than going out. 

## 2. Download and Use the S'more App
[S'more](http://smoreapp.co/) is a convenient and easy to use mobile app that makes it possible for you to receive between $3 and $5 per month in gift cards for popular stores. The app lets you collect points when you allow it to display relevant ads and content on the locked screen of your mobile phone. You earn points every day for as long as you allow the S'more app to display ads on this screen. It is a great way to receive some extra money for completing a task that you already perform every day, like using your phone. Redeem your accumulated points for [Amazon](http://amazon.com){: rel="nofollow"} gift cards, and put some extra coins in your pockets and a smile on your face. 

## 3. Make Your Own Presents
Making your own presents instead of buying store bought items is a great way to cut down on your expenses. You keep the money in your pockets, while at the same time you make someone happy with a very unique and generous gift. It always feels really good to be creative and to give away something that you made by yourself. Make a nice meal, [bake some cookies](http://food52.com/recipes/cookies){: rel="nofollow"}, craft a beautiful greeting card or [make your own candles](http://www.artofmanliness.com/2015/11/24/diy-chandlery-how-to-make-your-own-candles/){: rel="nofollow"}. You have an endless list of options when it comes to crafting your own presents, and the costs are often much lower than when you buy similar items in the store. You also add a personal touch that is not for sale in any shop. Don’t forget to add a handwritten note that makes the gift even more special for the receiver.


## 4. Find Cheaper Ways to Entertain Your Kids
Often, you don’t need to spend a lot of money to [entertain your kids and make them happy](https://smartmom.co/open-ended-play/). There are a lot of cheap and even free options that bring joy to their hearts. Play board games on a rainy day or kick the ball around in the garden when the sun shines. You can also decide on taking them to the park, the playground or the petting zoo. The most important thing for children is that you spend time with them. They find it far less important how much money you spend to entertain them. Save some money and collect precious memories at the same time. 

## 5. Give Away an Act of Labor
Giving away an act of labor as a present is a very generous way of saving some money. Think about your own skillsets and about the needs of the persons you want to surprise with your labor gifts, and come up with something that fits with their current situation. For example, offer to babysit so that new parents have a chance to go out for a night, or take care of a pet during your friend’s vacation. A relative who just bought a house, might be very happy if you come over to help with some carpentry, gardening or painting tasks. You will always make someone happy with these kind of useful labor offers, and they cost you much less than gifts from the store.

## 6. Keep an Eye on the Community Calendar
Many local communities organize a lot of enjoyable and free events on a regular basis. However, many people aren't aware of what their community or city has to offer. It's a good idea to regularly visit local websites and community centers like the city hall or the [library](https://www.usa.gov/libraries){: rel="nofollow"}. At these places, you often find updates about upcoming events in your area. These events will be able to offer a lot of benefits to you. Not only do you get in touch with the community and the people who form it, but you also have the opportunity to receive free goods, free entertainment and free meals. 

## 7. Share Your Goals and Dreams
Sharing your most desired goals and dreams with others might seem like a strange money saving tip, but it can actually be a profitable decision if you decided to apply it. Talk about all your dreams and goals with your loved ones, and also let them share their own wishes with you. These loved ones are the people who you care most about, and with who you spend the most time in your life. Together, you can plan the necessary financial steps for the future. Set an ambitious goal, [follow a budget](http://smoreapp.co/meal-planning-on-a-budget/), and make sure that everyone encourages each other to stick to the plan. Dreams often become reality if everyone is on the same financial track. 

## Finally, Always Look Ahead and Never Give Up
There are a lot useful tips that can help you to save some extra money. However, for you to be able to successfully apply these budget tips, you should always remind yourself to look ahead and to never give up. Embrace all the financial mistakes that you made in the past and look at them as lessons for the future. Set new financial goals and never give up on your promise to fulfill them. Look ahead and always keep going forward. No matter what kind of budget related obstacles might cross your path on your road to financial stability, you know that you will overcome them and that prosperity will be your reward when you manage to fulfill your goals.
